docs(text): feature tight attribute (#264)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/text/README.md

<vwc-text font-face="caption-link">caption-link</vwc-text><br>
```

## Tight

> By default, some font faces are styled with block margins which can be set off by enabling the `tight` attribute/property.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, some font faces are styled with block margins in accordance to article related context. enabling the `tight` attribute/property will opt-out.
```
